[SYCL][Doc] Add documentation about our releases (#17879)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/Releases.md

# Releases at intel/llvm

intel/llvm provides a few ways for you to get SYCL compiler and this

> page is intended to document them, provide links and instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page is intended to document them as well as provide links and instructions
```

how to you use them.

## Nightly builds

The project is being built and tested every night and those builds
are published on GitHub as `nightly-YYYY-MM-DD` tags.

Those builds are of **pre-release** quality: they are only suitable

> for early integration and testing of a bleeding edge compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for early integration and testing of a bleeding-edge compiler.
```

Because those builds are made from the latest commit available,
there is no guarantee of any stability of those builds.

Please note that those builds are tailored for our own testing needs

> and therefore they are built with assertions enabled and may have some extra

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and therefore they are built with assertions enabled and may have additional
```

dependencies.

## Official releases

> Official release branches are created from time to time to provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Official release branches are occasionally created to provide
```
